Update README.md (#2725)
demisto/demisto-sdk: demisto_sdk/commands/upload/README.md

and `DEMISTO_API_KEY` environment variable should contain a valid Cortex XSOAR/XSIAM API Key.

**Note:** Cortex XSIAM Base URL should be retrieved from XSIAM instance -> Settings -> Configurations -> API Keys -> `Copy URL` button on the top rigth corner, and not the browser URL.

> **Note:** Cortex XSIAM Api Key should have *Standart - Instance Administrator* permissions. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** Cortex XSIAM API key should be of a `standard` security level, and have the `Instance Administrator` role. 
```
